Hello friends
In this video you will understand
why is it so important to study programming The purpose
of programming is to make human life better and easier
and it has revolutionised and changed the world for the
better
Let us analyse some real life scenarios
where programming made
A significant difference
Let us first analyse a billing process at a supermarket
What was the old method? The cashier will write the
bill on a paper manually so it may have some
errors. And this error will cause loss either to the
customer or to the shopkeeper
So that is a very serious disadvantage of this method
And also suppose it is a festival time
and many number of customers are coming
Then it will be very difficult to handle the situation
But nowadays we cannot see these situations
Often programming has definitely solved these problems
Rather than calculating bill manually every time we can use
a billing software or programme it would operate very fast
so that customers need not wait in a queue for
a long time
Also we can handle many customers easily which increases the
productivity
It would calculate bills with 100% accuracy rate so that
customers get satisfied every time we know supermarkets have many
customers always and what would be the situation If we
still use the old billing method it would be total
chaos
So Billing programme has definitely revolutionised many industries
Another area is in communication at old times
It was very difficult to communicate with people in other
country or state
If we have an emergency news to be conveyed even
that would take a long time
But now there are no such issues because we have
the social networking sites using social networking softwares like Facebook
Whatsapp we can communicate with any person with a
matter of single click
Now one other interesting use of programming is in a
dictionary
We all have depended on the conventional dictionary to find
meanings of words
It is a book with thousands of pages and even
if it is sorted with a lot of words in
a single page finding one word takes time and it
is difficult
But now hardly anyone uses it. Because there is a
much easier way
We only have to find dictionary applications or we can
simply search it in Google and get the result in
milliseconds getting a new word meaning in milli seconds!!
This was never possible with our conventional dictionary so programming
can make things this simpler in our real life
These were some of the examples and this is how
programming has changed the world for better
As Stephen Hawking said "Whether you want to uncover
the secrets of the universe or you just want to
pursue a career in the 21st century basic computer programming
is an essential skill to learn"
So in this 21st century learning programming is inevitable